projects.markdown, before:

---
layout: default
title: Projects
---

# {{ page.title }}

## [Verbinator]({% post_url 2010-12-20-verbinator %})

This was a research project I did back in school.  It translates German verb tenses into their English
counterparts.


## [Star Trek: The Next Rescue](https://github.com/thatguystone/star-trek-the-next-rescue/)

The Next Rescue (yes, I was playing off "The Next Generation", for obvious reasons) is a game
written entirely in IBM8080 assembly.  Let that sink in...let the pain of this project sink in.
Now add to that that it features VGA graphics, background (what can generously be called) music, 
file system interaction, and who knows what other pain I eventually worked into the project.
Before you ask, this was a project I did for school.

## [Java to C++ Translator](https://github.com/thatguystone/nyu-object-oriented-2010)

This was yet another school project.  Take a gander at the supported language features: vtables,
inheritance, method overloading, property overloading, method chaining, garbage collection, and
arrays.  You're probably thinking to yourself that this doesn't seem so bad; I mean, C++ has pretty
much all these features.  Well, prepare yourself: none of the corresponding C++ features were used.
This was all done _by hand_ (as it were).  Why? you ask?  Because the professor told us to.

## Robotics

### [Soccer Playing Rovio](https://github.com/thatguystone/nyu-robotics-2010-rovio)

Yeah, that's right, I programmed a [Rovio robot](http://www.wowwee.com/en/products/tech/telepresence/rovio)
to play soccer.  Well, it was nothing intense, and there was no kicking, but he managed to score a goal.

### [3pi](https://github.com/thatguystone/nyu-robotics-2010-3pi)

This is nothing fancy: I programmed [this little guy](http://www.pololu.com/catalog/product/975) to
follow a black line on the ground.

### [Perceptron](https://github.com/thatguystone/nyu-robotics-2010-perceptron)

The perceptron is kinda cool: I wrote a little program that could recognize (quite accurately) the
letters A and E from different angles (sort of like handwriting recognition...but done in 2 days).

Commit message:

svnstash blog post + added to project page

projects.markdown, after:

---
layout: default
title: Projects
---

# {{ page.title }}

## [Verbinator]({% post_url 2010-12-20-verbinator %})

This was a research project I did back in school.  It translates German verb tenses into their English
counterparts.

## [svnstash]({% post_url 2011-11-05-svnstash %})

A quick-fix for getting `git stash` in SVN.

## [Star Trek: The Next Rescue](https://github.com/thatguystone/star-trek-the-next-rescue/)

The Next Rescue (yes, I was playing off "The Next Generation", for obvious reasons) is a game
written entirely in IBM8080 assembly.  Let that sink in...let the pain of this project sink in.
Now add to that that it features VGA graphics, background (what can generously be called) music, 
file system interaction, and who knows what other pain I eventually worked into the project.
Before you ask, this was a project I did for school.

## [Java to C++ Translator](https://github.com/thatguystone/nyu-object-oriented-2010)

This was yet another school project.  Take a gander at the supported language features: vtables,
inheritance, method overloading, property overloading, method chaining, garbage collection, and
arrays.  You're probably thinking to yourself that this doesn't seem so bad; I mean, C++ has pretty
much all these features.  Well, prepare yourself: none of the corresponding C++ features were used.
This was all done _by hand_ (as it were).  Why? you ask?  Because the professor told us to.

## Robotics

### [Soccer Playing Rovio](https://github.com/thatguystone/nyu-robotics-2010-rovio)

Yeah, that's right, I programmed a [Rovio robot](http://www.wowwee.com/en/products/tech/telepresence/rovio)
to play soccer.  Well, it was nothing intense, and there was no kicking, but he managed to score a goal.

### [3pi](https://github.com/thatguystone/nyu-robotics-2010-3pi)

This is nothing fancy: I programmed [this little guy](http://www.pololu.com/catalog/product/975) to
follow a black line on the ground.

### [Perceptron](https://github.com/thatguystone/nyu-robotics-2010-perceptron)

The perceptron is kinda cool: I wrote a little program that could recognize (quite accurately) the
letters A and E from different angles (sort of like handwriting recognition...but done in 2 days).
